Workflows 9.4 content — part C (PR C-1) (#6104)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/reference/step-types.md

---
navigation_title: Step type index
applies_to:
  stack: ga 9.4+
  serverless: ga

> description: Every step type that ships in Elastic Workflows 9.4, alphabetical, with a one-line description and a link to its full reference.

Reviewer: Suggesting this change in case this page reflects everything available in latest release (9.3, 9.4, and serverless).

```suggestion
description: Every step type available for Elastic Workflows, ordered alphabetically, with a one-line description and a link to its full reference.
```

products:
  - id: kibana
  - id: cloud-serverless
  - id: cloud-hosted
  - id: cloud-enterprise
  - id: cloud-kubernetes
  - id: elastic-stack
---

# Step type index [workflows-step-types]

> Every step type that ships in 9.4, alphabetical. Use this lookup when you know the step ID and want the reference fast.

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

```suggestion
Every step type available for Elastic Workflows, ordered alphabetically. Use this lookup when you know the step ID and want the reference fast.
```
